Back-story:

This was a project thrown together in about 3 days while I was at Meebo.
We had a 'hackweek' or something, I can't even remember what it was
called. We were given about 3 days to work on a project of our own creation
and then asked to present our results. It was optional, and this is what I
came up with.

The plan was to have a central host you could log into on the intra-net and
listen to streaming music from a playlist that was contributed to by your
co-workers, and the plan was to enable voting on songs, to remove or move
them throughout the playlist.

It's functional, as is, but barely, and really needs some polish. Since
there wasn't much interest in it during the presentation, I kind of moth-
balled it, and I don't have a personal use for it, so it has kind of just
been sitting here.

--

very basic operation at the moment, allows adding and removing of songs from
the playlist...

I have plans to bring a lot more to this project, but it's out there, in case
anyone else wants to take a crack at it.


add the following to mpd.conf to enable streaming:
audio_output {
    type        "shout"
    encoding    "ogg"           # optional
    name        "Jukebox"
    host        "localhost"
    port        "8000"
    mount       "/jukebox.ogg"
    password    "hackmelol"
    bitrate     "192"
    format      "44100:16:1"
}

install mpd, icecast2, and mysql-server, and ... yeah, i'll get more info
here... someday...

TODO (in rough order of likelihood i'll get around to them...)
-clean up the user interface
-multiple streaming stations
-bring in mpd-similar project to suggest songs
-display/fetch album artwork
-add voting
    -vote a song up songs to move it up the playlist
    -vote down to remove the song (with enough votes)
-karma system
    -encourage upvoting
    -discourage excessive downvoting
    -restrict number of songs able to add depending on karma
-vote for output to speakers, in addition to streaming
-ambient volume voting (for an office or communal jukebox)
